_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Update information on about.md

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: right
  image: sb_profile_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Office 3.17, <a href='https://goo.gl/maps/6SWB2uz9bt8kYVA66'>PariSanté CampusE</a> </p>
    <p>2 - 10 Rue d'Oradour-sur-Glane</p>
    <p>75015 Paris, France</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am currently a postdoctoral researcher int the Research Centre in Mathematics of Decision (<a href='https://www.ceremade.dauphine.fr'>CEREMADE</a>) at Paris-Dauphine University - PSL, France. I work with professor <a href='https://dauphine.psl.eu/en/research/resume-database/bacry-emmanuel'> Emmanuel BACRY</a> on deep learning for respiratory sleep disorder diagnosis, collaborating with the data science team of the ambitous startup <a href='https://www.ceremade.dauphine.fr'>Apneal</a> foccussing on smartphone-based sleep apnea diagnosis.

My research interests include time series analysis, signal processing, and deep learning for sequential and temporal data. I am interested in healthcare applications, specifically disease diagnosis and screening.
